README.md, before:

# django-basis
[![Build status](https://ci.frigg.io/badges/frecar/django-basis/)](https://ci.frigg.io/frecar/django-basis/)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/frecar/django-basis/badge.png)](https://coveralls.io/r/frecar/django-basis)
[![PyPi version](https://pypip.in/v/django-basis/badge.png)](https://crate.io/packages/django-basis/)

## Installation
    pip install django-basis

 - Python versions: 2.6, 2.7, 3.2, 3.3
 - Support Django Customer User


## Usage of TimeStampModel

Adds `created_at` and `updated_at` to models.

```python
from basis.models import TimeStampModel

class Person(TimeStampModel):
    name = models.Charfield(max_length=50)

person = Person.objects.create(name="Fredrik"))
print person.created_at # datetime object1

person.name = "Rolf"
person.save()

print person.created_at # (datetime at the moment of the creation)
print person.updated_at # (datetime at the moment of the update)


```


## Usage of PersistentModel

Safe deletion of objects. 
```python
from basis.models import PersistentModel

class Person(PersistentModel):
    name = models.Charfield(max_length=50)

person = Person.objects.create(name="Fredrik"))

# SafeDelete person (safe delete)
person.delete()

print Person.objects.all().count() # 0 - excludes deleted users
print Person.all_objects.all().count() # 1 - includes deleted users

# Restore deleted person
person = Person.all_objects.get(id=person.id)
person.restore()
```


## Usage of BasisModel

Includes the functionality of both PersistentModel and TimeStampModel, while adding the fields `created_by` and `updated_by`.

```python
from basis.models import BasisModel

class Person(BasisModel):
    name = models.Charfield(max_length=50)

# Save changes on objects and register who did it
person = Person.objects.get(id=id)
person.name = "Fredrik"
person.save(current_user=request.user)

# Or create a new object and register who did it
person = Person.objects.create(name="Fredrik", current_user=request.user)

# See meta info about the object
print person.created_by # user object (creator)
print person.updated_by # user object (updater)

```

Commit message:

Add support for force deleting persisting model
By calling `instance.delete(force=True)` the default django
Model.delete() will be called.

README.md, after:

# django-basis
[![Build status](https://ci.frigg.io/badges/frecar/django-basis/)](https://ci.frigg.io/frecar/django-basis/)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/frecar/django-basis/badge.png)](https://coveralls.io/r/frecar/django-basis)
[![PyPi version](https://pypip.in/v/django-basis/badge.png)](https://crate.io/packages/django-basis/)

## Installation
    pip install django-basis

 - Python versions: 2.6, 2.7, 3.2, 3.3
 - Support Django Customer User


## Usage of TimeStampModel

Adds `created_at` and `updated_at` to models.

```python
from basis.models import TimeStampModel

class Person(TimeStampModel):
    name = models.Charfield(max_length=50)

person = Person.objects.create(name="Fredrik"))
print person.created_at # datetime object1

person.name = "Rolf"
person.save()

print person.created_at # (datetime at the moment of the creation)
print person.updated_at # (datetime at the moment of the update)


```


## Usage of PersistentModel

Safe deletion of objects. 
```python
from basis.models import PersistentModel

class Person(PersistentModel):
    name = models.Charfield(max_length=50)

person = Person.objects.create(name="Fredrik"))

# SafeDelete person (safe delete)
person.delete()

print Person.objects.all().count() # 0 - excludes deleted users
print Person.all_objects.all().count() # 1 - includes deleted users

# Restore deleted person
person = Person.all_objects.get(id=person.id)
person.restore()

# If you really want to delete the object
person = Person.objects.create(name="Fredrik"))
person.delete(force=True)
```


## Usage of BasisModel

Includes the functionality of both PersistentModel and TimeStampModel, while adding the fields `created_by` and `updated_by`.

```python
from basis.models import BasisModel

class Person(BasisModel):
    name = models.Charfield(max_length=50)

# Save changes on objects and register who did it
person = Person.objects.get(id=id)
person.name = "Fredrik"
person.save(current_user=request.user)

# Or create a new object and register who did it
person = Person.objects.create(name="Fredrik", current_user=request.user)

# See meta info about the object
print person.created_by # user object (creator)
print person.updated_by # user object (updater)

```
